So what are my recommendations for next steps that you could take?
Now my first recommendation is that you really use this course as a reference.
Don't see it as a one time experience which you just completed and where you just got your certificate
and you're done with it. Instead
use it as a reference where you can go back to individual lectures or modules, repeat certain concepts
or if you're building an app, look for the part in the course where we covered that feature that you
might need in your next app.
It definitely is an option that you go through the entire course or through parts of the course more
than once because that's really what an on demand course should also be.
It shouldn't just be a one time experience, it's not a classroom,
it's not restricted to four weeks of access, you can lifetime access so use that.
Now also important and even more important than just using this course is that you practice, practice
and practice,
you need to build stuff. In this course,
we built a lot of applications,
you had quizzes to check your knowledge but you need to build your own projects because when you do
so, you will hit errors, you'll face problems and that is a normal thing
as a developer. Solving these problems is what makes you a better developer,
solving these problems with the help of Google, Stack Overflow, blog posts, the official docs and of course
also this course, that is how you will grow as a developer. So build stuff, build dummy projects, build
the applications we built in the course without looking at the course lectures and try to rebuild the
apps from scratch,
that's what will make you a better developer and what will really let Flutter sink in.
In addition as I also kind of already mentioned, dive into Stack Overflow, join Flutter discussions
there, dive into official examples or examples in general which you'll find plentiful in the web, on Github
and so on,
dive into blog posts which you can find.
Google is your friend there, you'll find so many resources on Flutter and new resources are coming up
all the time.
These are great resources to explore alternative patterns, ideas, maybe widgets what you haven't seen
before or different ways of building something or simply a solution for a problem you're facing. Now
as I mentioned in the practice part, build dummy apps, practicing some tiny isolated features is one thing
but also build entire apps.
You don't necessarily need to publish them but build apps, build clones of popular apps,
of course
maybe leave out some features and focus on a couple of core features but build stuff,
as mentioned, that is really important
and last but not least, help each other. Be friendly,
join the community,
be that on Stack Overflow or here in the course
Q & A section. Help other students, help them solve problems because helping others will also help
you because if you think about problems, if you explore solutions and if you share these solutions and
you therefore have to describe them, you again grow as a developer.
These are my recommendations on how you should continue. Now in the next lecture,
I'll also share a rough blueprint on how you could approach upcoming app projects and how I think that
you can build apps or how you should go through an app production process in a way that will help you
plan the app,
sketch the app, build the app, test it and then finally also deploy it.